Pk/update starlark lsp readme (#2)
kurtosis-tech/vscode-kurtosis: starlark-lsp/README.md

> # starlark lsp

Reviewer: Starlark

> It is a language server for Starlark with customized Kurtosis specific intellisense. You can learn more about language server here and learn more about Starlark here.

Reviewer: where is "here"?

Reviewer: s/about language/about the language/g

## Acknowledgments

> This `starlark-lsp` is intially forked from [tilt-dev/starlark-lsp](https://github.com/tilt-dev/starlark-lsp) that contains Apache 2.0 liscense. It has been extended to support kurtosis builtins.

Reviewer: s/is/was/g

s/that contains Apache 2.0 liscense/which is licensed as Apache 2.0 liscence/g 

s/kurtosis/Kurtosis

# Starlark Language Server

It is a language server for Starlark with customized Kurtosis specific intellisense. You can learn more about about the Language Server Protocol(LSP) [here](https://langserver.org/) and learn more about Starlark [here](https://bazel.build/rules/language).

## Acknowledgments

> This `starlark-lsp` was intially forked from [tilt-dev/starlark-lsp](https://github.com/tilt-dev/starlark-lsp) which is licensed as Apache 2.0 liscence. It has been extended to support Kurtosis builtins.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This `starlark-lsp` was intially forked from [tilt-dev/starlark-lsp](https://github.com/tilt-dev/starlark-lsp) which is licensed as Apache 2.0 license. The `starlark-lsp` has been extended to support Kurtosis built-ins.
```
